Update documentation with new session behavior (#575)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-2.x/security/authentication.mdx

	http://localhost:8000/signin
```

## Record users

> Record users represent users that are defined as a record in a database instead of through the `DEFINE USER` statement. Since these users exist as regular database records, they can have associated fields containing any information required for authentication and authorization. For this reason, record users allow SurrealDB to offer mechanisms to define your own signin and signup logic as well as custom table and field permissions. This feature contributes to making SurrealDB an all-in-one BaaS (Backend-as-a-Service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record users represent users that are defined as a record in a database instead of through the `DEFINE USER` statement. Since these users exist as regular database records, they can have associated fields containing any information required for authentication and authorization. 

For this reason, SurrealDB offers mechanisms to define your own signin and signup logic as well as custom table and field permissions for record users. This feature contributes to making SurrealDB an all-in-one BaaS (Backend-as-a-Service)..
```

Author: Now that I look at this text again, it should be "thanks to this" or "because of this" instead of "for this reason". I will make an additional commit after accepting your suggestion.

Record users are defined with the [DEFINE ACCESS](/docs/surrealdb/2.x/surrealql/statements/define/access) statement of `TYPE RECORD`.

A record access is configured with the following specific clauses:

- `SIGNUP`: Defines the logic for when a user signs up as a record user. It usually creates a new entry to a table
- `SIGNIN`: Defines the logic for when a user signs in as a record user. It usually check the provided credentials against the data in a table

> By default, record users have no permissions. They don't use the RBAC system and can only access data if allowed by a `PERMISSIONS` clause, which is defined on every data resource (i.e. tables and fields) and defaults to `NONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, record users have no permissions. They don't use the Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) system and can only access data if allowed by a `PERMISSIONS` clause, which is defined on every data resource (i.e. tables and fields) and defaults to `NONE`.
```

> Go to [DEFINE ACCESS ... TYPE RECORD](/docs/surrealdb/2.x/surrealql/statements/define/access/record) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about creating a record user, refer to the [DEFINE ACCESS ... TYPE RECORD](/docs/surrealdb/2.x/surrealql/statements/define/access/record) documentation.
```
